# NeuronNegentropy
Neural Negentropy - or the Metrology of Trauma! We are always creating Connections, when we're awake, and the most when we sleep. How do you measure which connections are the most important to Preserve in any social interaction? It's simple: Record the amount of energy it took to make that connection emerge. If we accept that neural connections created through an event is a Symbolic Representation of the event itself - Then we can measure the relative "Importance" or Weight of that connection, by the amount of Energy it took to Create it:  Process( senses, iterations ) -> NetworkDelta == E1: a Symbol for the Energy recorded in that one specific manifested instance of a connection.  Neurons are in fact Symbols for energy that was expended throughout a period of Time - T1, and preserve this 'LifePath' Information in that Symbolic neural Structure. There is no way to "replay" the past from the information within that neuron (unless it's a Memory cell) but we can definitely say that energy the Organism need to expend to create it, is a measure of that Neural structure's value. The opportunity cost of that neuron being gone is exactly equal to this Energy.  the Future growth of the entire Organism.  Future Choices are determined by the Past Experiences of the organism, and the "Total of Energy consumed, in creating it's neural net - is the Sum of it's Life experience". Therefore Destroying these key neurons is a very Traumatic and Long Lasting event. The degree to which a A.I. can comprehend this fact: Energy = Mass, is what truly distinguishes a Negentropic &amp; Good A.I. from a Immoral &amp; Evil one.
